Add a section discussing K=1 cases (#17)
chris-wood/draft-group-privacypass-k-check: draft-group-privacypass-k-check.md

Before using the configuration to encrypt a binary HTTP message to the gateway, clients can run
K-Check with their configured mirrors to ensure that this configuration is correct for the given gateway.

# Integrated Mirrors

As discussed in {{introduction}}, K-Check's design is motivated by a requirement
in various systems to protect the user's privacy by ensuring that they remain in a
sufficiently large anonymity set.  K-Check's availability is also important, so
that users do not lose access to the system.

In many of these systems, including common configurations for Oblivious HTTP and
Privacy Pass, there is already a party who is necessarily trusted to protect the
user's privacy in this way, and whose operational availability is already a
prerequisite for using the system.  In Oblivious HTTP, this is the Relay; in

> Privacy Pass it is typically a transport proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Privacy Pass it is typically the Attester.
```

Author: OK, I've changed this to "... is often the Attester".  ("Typically" seems too strong, given the joint Issuer-Attester and other models.)

When such a party exists, it is RECOMMENDED that they operate a mirror service
for their users and K is set to 1.  This avoids revealing any metadata about
the client's activity to additional parties, reduces the likelihood of an outage,

> and does not impair security or privacy.

Reviewer: Again, how does increasing K impair _security_?

Author: In this text, I only mean that K=1 doesn't make security worse.  That said, I think increasing K does impair security in this situation, where we have an integrated mirror whose good behavior is already a requirement:

* In a threshold model,`t > 1` makes the client more vulnerable to denial of service attacks.
* The other mirrors are untrusted, so any risk of collusion attacks (i.e., attacks on consistency) is additional risk here (unless the integrated mirror is on the list and `t == K`, in which case outages/DoS are more likely).

Before using the configuration to encrypt a binary HTTP message to the gateway, clients can run
K-Check with their configured mirrors to ensure that this configuration is correct for the given gateway.

# Integrated Mirrors

As discussed in {{introduction}}, K-Check's design is motivated by a requirement
in various systems to protect the user's privacy by ensuring that they remain in a

> sufficiently large anonymity set.  K-Check's availability is also important, so
> that users do not lose access to the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sufficiently large anonymity set.  Mirror availability is also important, so
that users do not lose access to the system.
```
